How you feeling, man?
You all right? Thank you.
Not too bad.
I see you're
about your money,
homey. You race, too?
No, man. I hit a wall
doing like a buck 20
a couple years ago.
Ever since then,
I've just been organizing
and collecting, man.
Hey, Tej, check it out.
He's gonna be in town
for a while.
Is there any way
he could use
that cot?
What's wrong
with your place, man?
No.
I don't want
to stay with him.
He got bad habits.
All right, man, whatever.
Show him around. I'll be
up there in a minute.
Thanks.
Sure.
All right,
who wants a chance
to win their money back?
So, Jimmy? So,
what's up, you ever seen
anything like this before?
No.
Both of them are wired
like I never seen before.
What?
Yeah, man,
they got us
wired with GPS.